Part IV-A Results (averages):
A(us-central1) /register avg: 56.39 ms
B(europe-west1) /register avg: 333.87 ms
A(us-central1) /list avg:     60.15 ms
B(europe-west1) /list avg:     329.95 ms

Part IV-B Eventual Consistency Misses: 0 / 100 when write to us-central1 then read from europe-west1, but 100/100 when reversed.

Findings Discussion:
The latencies are different because of the geographic locations. The US location is much closer to my device than the European one. So, the pings to the US instance will have a much faster round-trip time. This is because of pure distance for the packets to travel, as well as the network routing. The European-destined packet will have to be routed through more points, and bounced around more, as well as pass through things like different Automonated Systems and BGP. The write operations are also generally slower than the read operations (/register vs. /list) since writes need data to be committed and confirmed by the distributed storage system while reads just need it to return existing data. So there's more overhead for writes, hence the longer latencies.

For the eventual consistency experiment, I actually found no misses to represent the lag when writing first to the US instance then to the European Instance. Typically, misses can happen when the write is done to one replica, but because of eventual consistency protocols, it hasn't been forwarded to other replicas. Hence, queries at the other replica will present a stale result. However, I believe here the time it takes for the request to reach and /list from the Europe instance is greater than the time required for the write to be propagated. Hence, there are no misses. However, I did notice all misses if I write to the Europe instance then immediately read from the US instance, as it's possible the read request reaches the US instance faster than the total time for the write request to reach the Europe instane and for the Europe instance to update the US instance. Essentially, in the first case, the update happens as the read request is taking a long time to reach Europe, but in the second, the read request reaches the US instance very fast so there is no time for the updates to propagate. 